c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Hardware.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Hardware.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Common.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Plugs.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.Plugs.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.HAL.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.Plugs.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Common.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Plugs.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.Plugs.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.HAL.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.Plugs.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\obj\Debug\Hardware.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\obj\Debug\Hardware.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\obj\Debug\Hardware.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel1\Hardware\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
